Ethan Hicks CS350 Chapter Review Questions.
1-24-2016
Chapeters 4,5,6. 


CHAPTER 4. 

1. Why is it important to complete the design process thoroughly? 
2. T or F: The level of structural integrity is in direct proportion to how thoroughly you follow the design process. 
3. What is the purpose of a mission statement? 
4. What are mission objectives? 
5. What constitutes your organizations fundamental data requrements? 
6. How do you determine the various subjects that the tables will represent? 
7. T or F: You establish field specifictions for each field in the database during the second phase of the database design process. 
8. How do yuo establish a logical connection between the tables in a relationship? 
9. What determines a set of limitations and requirements that you must build into the database? 
10. What can you design and implement to support certain business rules? 
11. How do you determine the types of views you need to build the database? 
12. when can you implement your logical structure in an RDBMS program? 

CHAPTER 5.

1. Why are interviews important?
2. What problem can arise when you conduct an interview with a large number of people?
3. What is the primary reason for conducting separate interviews with users and management?
4. True or False: You'll commonly use closed questions in your interviews.
5. What kind of responses should you try to evoke from the interview participants?
6. What is the single most important guideline for every interview you conduct?
7. What is a mission statement ?
8. State two characteristics of a well-written mission statement.
9. True or False: You need not learn about the organization in order to compose a mission statement.
10. When is your mission statement complete?
11. What is a mission objective?
12. State two characteristics of a well-written mission objective
13. True or False: You should interview users and management to help you define mission objectives.
14. How does the staff's daily work relate to the mission objectives?
15. True or False: A mission objective can describe more than one task.
16. State two ways that a mission objective can be derived from a response.
17. When is a mission objective complete?

CHAPTER 6. 

1. State two goals of analyzing the current database.
2. True or False: You can adopt the current database structure as the basis for the new structure.
3. What is a legacy database?
4. State two steps of the analysis process.
5. Which types of computer software programs should you review during the analysis?
6. Why should you conduct interviews after you gather data-collection and information presentation samples?
7. How do you use "open" and "closed" questions?
8. What is the subject-identification technique?
9. How do you identify specific attributes for a particular subject?
10. True or False: You should interview users and management at the same time.
11. What three basic types of information requirements must you identify?
12. What is the preliminary field list?
13. State why each item on this list should have a unique name.
14. What is a value list?
15. What are calculated fields? What (if anything) should you do about them?
